📖 Document CETS as an alternative to Mnesia (#4130)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/configuration/database-backends-configuration.md

Transient data:

* CETS - a library to synchronise records from the ETS tables between nodes.
  A new choice to share the live data across the MongooseIM cluster.
  We recommend to use this backend for transient data.
  This backend requires an RDBMS database configured because we use an external database to discover nodes in the cluster.
  Check for CETS config example in [tutorials](../tutorials/CETS-configure.md).

> * Mnesia - a built-in Erlang Database.
>   Mnesia is fine for the cluster of the fixed size with reliable networking between nodes and with nodes rarely restarted.
>   There are some issues when nodes are restarting or joining the cluster. So, we recommend to use CETS instead.
>   Mnesia is still a default backend for modules for config compatibility reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Mnesia - a built-in Erlang Database.
  Mnesia is fine for a cluster of fixed size with reliable networking between nodes and with nodes rarely restarted.
  There are some issues when nodes are restarting or new ones joining the cluster. For this case, we recommend to use CETS instead.
  Mnesia is still the default backend for some modules for compatibility reasons with older config files.
```

* ElasticSearch - Only for MAM (Message Archive Management).

* Mnesia - some backends support Mnesia to store data, but it is not recommended.

> 

Reviewer: This pretty much duplicates the warning from above. We could move such warning actually exactly to this section.
